okay so hey guys this is going to be
thin mints and it's a very very simple
recipe you're going to need a teaspoon
of peppermint extract you need a box of
crackers you can use Ritz crackers or
whatever this is just what I had so I'm
using these and then you can use
chocolate chips these are the kind I
like but you can use any kind really
just any kind of semi-sleep semi-sweet
chocolate chips any kind of brand will
do um and this is pretty easy so my bag
of semi-sweet chocolate chips and I am
going to put in a margin stay safe poll
okay and then you want to take a
teaspoon of almond or peppermint extract
and then we're going to melt this in the
microwave okay so it's out of the
microwave and make sure if you are
melting in the microwave that you don't
leave it in there too long talk like
burns pretty easy in the microwave but
um stir this around until all your
pieces are completely melted and then
we're just going to dip or crackers in
here and i'll show you how i'm going to
finish it really simple okay so what
we're going to do is just put a cracker
in there and we're just going to make
sure it's completely covered in
chocolate and then i'm just going to
stick mine on a plates and you can use
parchment paper or wax paper whatever
you guys want to do and then you can
stick them in the freezer or the fridge
I'm just until they harden up really
simple really easy and they do taste
like girl scout cookies so I'm here I
just have a couple on the plate and I
degrees this plate just in case they
would want to stick um I just grazed it
but they look like this they tasty and
look exactly like a Girl Scout cookie
I'll show you what they look like after
they
dry and when I go to eat one
okay so these are just out and as you
can tell my kids and my husband have
been into them like crazy i greased this
plate and you don't have to because when
I stuck it in the freezer they must have
slid all together so they don't look
pretty but they're really really good
they went over amazing and they're super
easy to do they do melt really fast so I
would you know maybe take them all off
your tray and throw them in a baggie but
I would keep them in the fridge or in
the freezer but these are so good but
that's what it looks like inside and
this really does taste like a Girl Scout
cookie like amazing so it only three
ingredients which is really good so
hopefully you guys try these definitely
a must try would be really good around
the holidays or something so yeah anyway
you guys take care